Update contribution guide (#2130)
scylladb/scylla-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Enhancement proposals

For significant features or API changes, you might be required to prepare an enhancement proposal beforehand, as these usually involve broader discussions. If unsure, please consult the [maintainers of the project](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-operator/blob/master/OWNERS) to learn if your contribution falls into these categories before you start working on the implementation.  
For further details, see [Enhancement Proposals directory](https://github.com/scylladb/scylla-operator/tree/master/enhancements).

## Submitting a Pull Request

Once you have implemented the feature or bug fix in your branch, open a PR to the upstream repository. Before doing so, ensure the following:
- Unit tests are included.
- End-to-end tests are passing.
- Your commit history is clean.

### Commit History

To maintain a clean commit history, aim for a minimal number of logical commits. Typically, this means a single commit that contains all the changes, with a separate commit for autogenerated parts.

### Commits and PRs

> The first line of your commit message and PR title should summarize the change in one clear sentence that would be meaningful to a user of the Operator. The sentence should use a verb in its base form to describe the change, e.g. "Add support for XYZ." .

Reviewer: I think Tomas had a point in referencing https://cbea.ms/git-commit/#imperative, especially the part following part:
```
A properly formed Git commit subject line should always be able to complete the following sentence:

If applied, this commit will <your subject line here>
```
I initially suggested saying `The sentence should use a verb in its base form to describe the change`, but this doesn't really cover the entire intention - e.g. "Run `make update`" meets this requirement, but I wouldn't consider it aligned with our practices.

Reviewer: So how about this:

```suggestion
The subject line of your commit message and the PR title should summarize the change in one clear sentence that would be meaningful to a user of the Operator. The sentence should be written in the imperative, i.e. written as if giving a command or instruction, e.g. "Add support for XYZ". A properly formed Git commit subject line should always be able to complete the sentence "If applied, this commit will <your subject line here>", e.g.  "If applied, this commit will **Add support for XYZ**".
```

Reviewer: This one still applies

Every release note is based on these first lines, so make them concise yet informative.

Further details should be added after a blank line. Explain why the change was necessary, not just what was changed. In the general case, extensive descriptions are well-received. Comparing the behavior before and after the change is especially helpful. Write the message with the mindset that you’ll need to revisit the code in the future.

> If your PR fixes an issue, include "Fixes #1234" in the description, replacing "1234" with the issue number.

Reviewer: Our template uses "Resolves", not "Fixes"

```

> Add new XYZ field to ScyllaCluster CRD.
> 
> The new field allows for configuration of ZYX feature of ScyllaDB.
> <more details>
> API change was discussed in the following enhancement: <link>.
> 
> Fixes #1234

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description of your changes:**
Add new XYZ field to ScyllaCluster CRD.
The new field allows for configuration of ZYX feature of ScyllaDB.
<more details>
API change was discussed in the following enhancement: <link>.

**Which issue is resolved by this Pull Request:**
Resolves #1234 
```

This should be aligned with our PR template imo
